### Dislocation Ontology

In this work, first steps towards formalizing the knowledge of dislocations together with the relevant details concerning the crystallography are introduced. Emphasis is put on representing the dislocation geometry, utilizing semantic formalization using an ontology. We start by designing and modeling a formal definition of crystalline materials in terms of the underlying crystallography including slip plane and slip direction. The former is the plane to which the motion of the dislocation is generally constrained, the latter is the direction along which plastic deformation takes place. Those should be explicitly described along with the idealization of dislocation as a mathematical line and other required details of crystalline materials.

### Project Structure
* [data](/data/)
    * [Nickel crystal structure](/data/MaterialProject/Nickel/overall.ttl) 
    The Nickel data is collected from [Materials Project](https://materialsproject.org) and slip system data of FCC Nickel is taken from [the Crystallography and Crystal Defects book](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/book/10.1002/9781119961468)
    * [Dislocation microstructure of nickel material](/data/modelib-microstructure/modelib-nickel-microstructure.ttl)
    This is the simulation data of dislocation microstructure of nickel (Ni) material generated by [MODELib](https://github.com/giacomo-po/MoDELib)
* [CQs](/CQs/CQs.md) is a collection of the competence questions.
* [RDF genererator](/python-script/)
    * For generating the RDF graph from the given [data](/data/), we use the [RDFLib](https://github.com/RDFLib/rdflib) python library.
    * To generate the nickel crystal structure, the script is in [here](/python-script/MaterialProject/) and `python map_data.py`
    * To generate the dislocation microstructure of nickel material, the script is in [here](/python-script/modelib/) and `python map_data.py`

### Acknowledgments
* European Research Council through the ERC Grant Agreement No. 759419 MuDiLingo (”A Multiscale Dislocation Language for Data-Driven Materials Science”)
* Helmholtz Metadata Collaboration (HMC) within the Hub Information at the Forschungszentrum Jülich.


### Citation 
please cite the following paper if you used any part of this work. 

`@inproceedings{ihsan2021steps,
title={Steps towards a Dislocation Ontology for Crystalline Materials},
author={Ahmad Zainul Ihsan and Danilo Dessì and Mehwish Alam and Harald Sack and Stefan Sandfeld},
booktitle={Second International Workshop on Semantic Digital Twins },
year={2021},
url={http://ceur-ws.org/Vol-2887/paper4.pdf}}`
